docs: update contributor instructions for installing java (#42294)
angular/angular: docs/DEVELOPER.md

* [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) (version specified in the engines field of [`package.json`](../package.json)) which is used to install dependencies.

> * Optional: [Java Development Kit](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html) version 7 or higher as required by [Closure Compiler](https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler). Most developers will not need this. Java is required for running some of the integration tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Optional: [Java Development Kit](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html) version 7 or higher as required by [Closure Compiler](https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler). Most developers will not need this. Java is required for running some of the integration tests.
```
There is a new URL for this.

But it would be nice to point people to the free and open source JDKs [here](https://jdk.java.net/) instead, assuming they work with Closure compiler.
